# OpenDMA API for Java

At it's core, OpenDMA (Open Document Management Architecture) defines an
abstract model for Document Management and Enterprise Content Management
Systems.

The OpenDMA API provides an abstract interface to this model. It allows
to write content centric applications once, and run them against multiple
different Enterprise Content and Document Management Systems.

The API is available for different programming languages and enforces a
consistent style across these languages.

This repository contains the OpenDMA API for Java.

It has been auto-generated by the [OpenDMA API Builder](https://github.com/OpenDMA/opendma-api-builder).

## Usage

This project is available on Maven Central. Add the following dependency to your Maven project:
```
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.opendma</groupId>
            <artifactId>opendma-api</artifactId>
            <version>0.8</version>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
```

The OpenDMA API defines a set of interfaces that need to be implemented by an
OpenDMA Adaptor for an actual ECM system -- very similar to database drivers.

The [OpenDMA XML Repository](https://github.com/OpenDMA/opendma-java-xmlrepo)
implements these interfaces using object descriptions stored in an XML file.

There is also a complete [OpenDMA Tutorial for Java](https://github.com/OpenDMA/opendma-java-tutorial)
showing the basic concepts with the XML Repository.

## Building and Contributing

Check out the code and build it with maven as usual (e.g. `mvn clean package`).

As this entire project is auto-generated by the [OpenDMA API Builder](https://github.com/OpenDMA/opendma-api-builder),
you cannot directly contribute to this repository. Instead, the templates in the builder need
to be updated.
